Several different calculations were used throughout the lab in order to find a similarity measure that would best create a recommendation that a user would likely enjoy through word similarity. recommend that Spotify should use the TF-IDF cosine similarity calculation because it gives us the highest precision@3 results when compared to the other calculations we did with the others. The others showed results that were either 0.093 or 0.191 and so that means that the cosine similarity result highly outperformed the raw inner product and did a little bit better than the cosine similarity by itself. It goes to show that if the common words were removed and the playing field was evened out, one song did not have a lot of bias with the song length or high usage of a single word in the entire song. Also, while calculating the results for each of the similarity calculations, one song was consistently found reappearing less as the most similar song to each song in our roster of songs. The final calculation with the TF-IDF cosine similarity showed the least similarity to the results we got with the raw inner product. In the raw inner product and earlier versions of the calculations, Interlude 5 by Lauryn Hill would consistently be chosen in the rankings on each song. Even during the centered inner product calculation, Interlude 5 by Lauryn Hill was listed as a similar song to Michael Jackson’s All The Things You Are. However, towards the end with the TF-IDF cosine similarity calculation, a specific unique song being recommended for each song was found. Interlude 5 by Lauryn Hill wasn’t repeated across the song recommendations as seen through our initial view of the dataset. Another example to prove the IDF cosine similarity is better was when the regular use of cosine similarity with the use of the IDF cosine similarity was compared. Eric Clapton’s song called Floating Bridge has a recommendation of Lupe Fiasco’s song called Hurt Me Soul if the regular cosine similarity calculation was used. However, when the TF-IDF version was calculated, Stormy Monday by The Allman Brothers Band is provided. As both of these songs are of the blues genre, it is good to assume that they are pretty similar in style and would be of real interest to the listener. 
However, I think it is important to note the limitation of lyric word count alone. Some songs, although they have similar words, may be of different genres and convey a different theme to the song. Words may have different connotations depending on how they are combined together to make coherent sentences. For instance, we can view the idea of the “hurdle” as something we overcome or something that is an obstacle. It depends on how we read this word with the entire song. That may change how it was musically composed and not entirely align with what the listener wants. A song that has faster beats but still has a word count that is similar to a song that is lower will probably not be of interest to the user. My recommendation would be that Spotify combines word counts with the musical intonations to get a better algorithm for their listeners.